C07 kks dialogue (#115)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c07/00/36/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//

> 「さぁて、二人で競えるレジャーはないかな……」=“Well now, I guess this is a leisure activity we can compete in...”
> 「一緒に楽しむものなんだから、競争する様なものはないと思うよ」=“I don't think there's anything competitive about it. It's something we can enjoy together.”
> 「あったとしても、勝てる自信ないし……やめておきたいな」=“And even if it was, I'm not sure that I'd be able to win... I'd rather not.”
> 「おいおい、男のくせに情けないぞ！　よしっ、お前に気合を入れる為に稽古をするか！」=“Yeah, yeah, you're one pathetic dude! Right!  Let's practice to get you all fired up!
> 「いや普通に遊ぼうよ」=“No, let's just play.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「さぁて、二人で競えるレジャーはないかな……」=“Let's see, is there something that we can both compete in...”
「一緒に楽しむものなんだから、競争する様なものはないと思うよ」=“They're all for us to enjoy with each other, so I don't think there's going to be anything that we can compete in.”
「あったとしても、勝てる自信ないし……やめておきたいな」=“And even if there is, I'm not sure that I'd be able to win... And so I'd rather not.”
「おいおい、男のくせに情けないぞ！　よしっ、お前に気合を入れる為に稽古をするか！」=“Come on, you're so pathetic for a guy! Right!  Let's practice to get you all fired up!
「いや普通に遊ぼうよ」=“No, let's just play like normal.”
```

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「さぁて、二人で競えるレジャーはないかな……」=“Well now, I guess this is a leisure activity we can compete in...”
「一緒に楽しむものなんだから、競争する様なものはないと思うよ」=“I don't think there's anything competitive about it. It's something we can enjoy together.”
「あったとしても、勝てる自信ないし……やめておきたいな」=“And even if it was, I'm not sure that I'd be able to win... I'd rather not.”
「おいおい、男のくせに情けないぞ！　よしっ、お前に気合を入れる為に稽古をするか！」=“Yeah, yeah, you're one pathetic dude! Right!  Let's practice to get you all fired up!
「いや普通に遊ぼうよ」=“No, let's just play.”

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
